Problem: Missing contribution guidelines (#413)
crypto-com/chain-desktop-wallet: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# PR Checklist:

- [ ] Have you read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-desktip-wallet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)?
- [ ] Does your PR follow the [C4 patch requirements](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec:42/C4/#23-patch-requirements)?
- [ ] Have you rebased your work on top of the latest master? 
- [ ] Have you checked your code compiles? (`yarn build`)
- [ ] Have you included tests for any non-trivial functionality?
- [ ] Have you checked your code passes the unit tests? (`yarn test`)
- [ ] Have you checked your code formatting is correct? (`yarn lint:js`)
- [ ] If you added any dependencies, have you checked they do not contain any known vulnerabilities? (`yarn audit`)
- [ ] If your changes affect public APIs, does your PR follow the [C4 evolution of public contracts](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec:42/C4/#26-evolution-of-public-contracts)?
- [ ] If your code changes public APIs, have you incremented the crate version numbers and documented your changes in the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-main/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)?

> - [ ] If you are contributing for the first time, please read the agreement in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-desktip-wallet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) now and add a comment to this pull request stating that your PR is in accordance with the [Developer's Certificate of Origin](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-desktip-wallet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#developer-certificate-of-originn).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] If you are contributing for the first time, please read the agreement in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-desktop-wallet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) now and add a comment to this pull request stating that your PR is in accordance with the [Developer's Certificate of Origin](https://github.com/crypto-com/chain-desktop-wallet/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#developer-certificate-of-origin).
```
